AWSGems: Update all references to CDKv2 (#1950)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/aws/aws-client-auth/authentication-providers.md

If you are using Google, you must also use the app secret you were given for your account as the value for `ClientSecret`.

> When deploying the optional CloudFormation Development Kit (CDK) application, be sure to use the CDK constant that corresponds to your selected provider. Refer to the CDK application deployment step in [Setting Up Client Auth](./setup/) for details.

Reviewer: prefer full [official](https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/) name: "AWS **Cloud** Development Kit (AWS CDK)"

Author: Fixed.

> When deploying the optional CloudFormation Development Kit (CDK) application, be sure to use the CDK constant that corresponds to your selected provider. Refer to the CDK application deployment step in [Setting Up Client Auth](./setup/) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When deploying the optional AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) application, be sure to use the CDK constant that corresponds to your selected provider. Refer to the CDK application deployment step in [Setting Up Client Auth](./setup/) for details.
```

Author: I fixed all these I believe.
